Generate tasks pages from script (#1386)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/api-inference/tasks/image_to_image.md

| **&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;negative_prompt** | _array, optional_ | One or several prompt to guide what NOT to include in image generation. |
| **&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;num_inference_steps** | _integer, optional_ | For diffusion models. The number of denoising steps. More denoising steps usually lead to a higher quality image at the expense of slower inference. |
| **&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;▼target_size** | _object, optional_ | The size in pixel of the output image |
| **&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;width** | _integer, required_ |  |
| **&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;height** | _integer, required_ |  |

| Headers |   |    |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **authorization** | _string, optional_ | Authentication header in the form `'Bearer: hf_****'` when `hf_****` is a personal user access token with Inference API permission. You can generate one from [your settings page](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens). |

> | **x-use-cache** | _boolean, optional, default to `true`_ | There is a cache layer on the inference API to speedup requests we have already seen. Most models can use those results as is as models are deterministic (meaning the results will be the same anyway). However if you use a non deterministic model, you can set this parameter to prevent the caching mechanism from being used resulting in a real new query. |

Reviewer: To update in the template
```suggestion
| **x-use-cache** | _boolean, optional, default to `true`_ | There is a cache layer on the inference API to speed up requests we have already seen. Most models can use those results as they are deterministic (meaning the outputs will be the same anyway). However, if you use a nondeterministic model, you can set this parameter to prevent the caching mechanism from being used, resulting in a real new query. |
```

> | **x-wait-for-model** | _boolean, optional, default to `false`_ | If the model is not ready, wait for it instead of receiving 503. It limits the number of requests required to get your inference done. It is advised to only set this flag to true after receiving a 503 error as it will limit hanging in your application to known places. |

Reviewer: We'll document these two parameters too in http://localhost:5173/parameters#additional-parameters-different-page or a similar page, so maybe we can link there as well

> | **x-wait-for-model** | _boolean, optional, default to `false`_ | If the model is not ready, wait for it instead of receiving 503. It limits the number of requests required to get your inference done. It is advised to only set this flag to true after receiving a 503 error as it will limit hanging in your application to known places. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **x-wait-for-model** | _boolean, optional, default to `false`_ | If the model is not ready, wait for it instead of receiving 503. It limits the number of requests required to get your inference done. It is advised to only set this flag to true after receiving a 503 error, as it will limit hanging in your application to known places. |
```

#### Response

| Payload | Description |
| :--- | :--- |

> | **image** | The output image |

Reviewer: For a follow-up, we could do an actual generation here
